.Dd April 21, 2016
.Dt REFLOW 1
.Os
.Sh NAME
.Nm reflow
.Nd Intelligently reflow text
.
.Sh SYNOPSIS
.Nm
.Op Fl w | Fl -width
.Op Fl -ignore-headers
.Op Ar PATH
.
.Sh DESCRIPTION
.Nm
is like
.Xr fold 1
on steroids.
.Pp
It supports the following options:
.Bl -tag -width "--ignore-headers"
.It Fl h , Fl -help
display a help message and exit
.It Fl w , Fl -width
Specify a line width to use instead of the default 80 columns
.It Fl -ignore-headers
Don't wrap email headers
.El
.Pp
.Nm
will read the text from the provided file path, or attempt to read from
.Ic STDIN
if no path is provided.
.Pp
.Nm
is able to perform some more intelligent wrapping behavior than
.Xr fold 1 .
For example:
.Pp
.Bl -dash -compact -width 2
.It
Break on word boundaries by default, which mimics the output of
.Ic fold -s
.It
.Ic Markdown
style code blocks will be left unaltered. This is preferable since code
wrapping and indentation is often semantic.
.It
.Ic Markdown
style quote blocks will be re-wrapped, maintaining the existing quote level.
That means that nested quote blocks will re-wrap to the provided length but
will continue to be represented as nested quotes.
.It
Optionally ignore email headers. If enabled with the
.Fl -ignore-headers
flag,
.Nm
will leave lines at the top of the input that conform to the spec for email
headers unaltered. As with code blocks, indentation and wrapping for these
lines tends to be semantic, so shouldn't be re-wrapped.
.El
.Pp
.Sh AUTHORS
.An "Gordon Fontenot" Aq gordon@fonten.io
